{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid938374\rsid6310722}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\operator golajv}{\creatim\yr2007\mo10\dy31\hr15\min35}{\revtim\yr2010\mo1\dy22\hr2\min1}{\version3}{\edmins13}{\nofpages3}
{\nofwords861}{\nofchars4910}{\nofcharsws5760}{\vern24615}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot6310722 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid938374 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs20\insrsid6310722\charrsid6310722 SN}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid6310722  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid6310722\charrsid6310722 29009}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid938374  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\insrsid6310722\charrsid6310722 How do I run the upgrade scripts manually in case the upgrade fails
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6310722 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6310722 
During the upgrade from 5.2 to 5.2.5, upgrade could fail at any point. Check the installer log and depending at which point the script fails. \line \line 
1. If headstart.ebs script failed, run the headstart.ebs manually the script locate in $DOCUMENTUM/dba/config/<docbase name > directory \line \line 
dmbasic -einstall -f$DOCUMENTUM/dba/config/<docbase name>/headstart.ebs -- docbaseName docbaseUserName docbaseUserPassword docbaseDescrption $DM_HOME $DOCUMENTUM/data $DOCUMENTUM/dba $DM_HOME/install $DOCUMENTUM/share $DOCUMENTUM/
fulltext <hostName> Unix or Windows <localeLanguage(en)> <SMTP Server Name> <SMTP user email address> <install owner name> <SSL connection mode> <Tomcat port number> <Verity locale> <true or false, whether to turn off workflow agent> \line \line example: 
\line \line dmbasic -
einstall -f$DOCUMENTUM/dba/config/cs525o/headstart.ebs -- cs525o dmadmin <password> cs525o_docbase $DM_HOME $DOCUMENTUM/data $DOCUMENTUM/dba $DM_HOME/install $DOCUMENTUM/share $DOCUMENTUM/fulltext bullseye Unix en CORPISMSG05 test dmadmin dual 8080 en tru
e \line \line 2. The dm_apply_formats.ebs cript located in $DM_HOME/bin, creates/updates a full set of format objects defined in $DM_HOME/install/tools/formats.csv input file. These format objects are needed by the Docbase for contents/file. \line \line 
dmbasic -f$DM_HOME/bin/dm_apply_formats.ebs -e testmain -p noreport <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> $DM_HOME/install/tools/formats.csv trace \line \line 
3. The dm_cas_install.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, creates objects for supporting electronic signature. \line \line dmbasic -eEntry_Point -f dm_cas_install.ebs -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> $DM_HOME <Windows or Unix> 
\line \line 4. The csec_plugin.ebs script,located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, creates CSEC plugin object. \line \line dmbasic -einstall -f csec_plugin.eb
s -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <installation owner account password> $DM_HOME <Solaris, HPUX ,or AIX> \line \line 
5. The dm_routerconv_install.ebs script,located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, loads method to enable conversions of routers into workflow templates. \line \line 
dmbasic -f dm_routerConv_install.ebs -eInstall -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> NONE \line \line 
6. The templates.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, creates dm_document objects in order to enable creation of new objects via Workspace or Desktop Client. Certain applications require default template files when opened. \line \line 
dmbasic -f templates.ebs -einstall -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> $DM_HOME $DM_HOME/install \line \line 7. The replicate_bootstrap.ebs script, located in $DM_
HOME/bin, configures Docbases for replication. It creates a set of objects and registered tables needed for replication. \line \line dmbasic -f replicate_bootstrap.ebs -ermain -p<docbase name> $DM_HOME/bin \line \line \line 
8. The dfc.ebs cript, located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, loads initial-default objects for Documentum Foundation Classes. \line \line dmbasic -f dfc.ebs -eInstall -- <docbase name> <installation owner account> <password> \line \line 
9. The toolset.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/admin,installs Docbase Administration tools. \line \line dmbasic -f toolset.ebs -eToolSetup -- <DocbaseName> $DM_HOME/install/admin <rdbms HostName> \line \line 
10. The dm_ldap_install.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, creates/upgrades ldap object type and upgrades any existing ldap object. \line \line dmbasic -f dm_ldap_install.ebs -eInstall -- <docbase name> $DM_HOME\\bin \line \line 
11. The dm_xml_install.ebs script,located in $DM_HOME/install/admin, installs object types and formats for XML files. \line \line dmbasic -f dm_xml_install.ebs -einstall -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> \line \line 
12. The dm_gwm_install.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/bin configures Docbases for workflow routers. It executes a set of scripts to install all the required GWM types,folders,methods,and jobs. \line \line dmbasic -f dm_gwm_install.ebs -eInstall -- <
docbase name> <installation owner> $DM_HOME/bin \line \line 13. The upgrade_java_methods_51.ebs script,located in $DM_HOME/install/tools,upgrades all java methods already created. \line \line 
dmbasic -f$DM_HOME/install/tools/upgrade_java_methods_51.ebs -eUpgradeMethods -- <DocbaseName> <installation owner account> <Password> \line \line 
14. The ci_schema_install.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/tools, installs all types necessary for the CI application. \line \line dmbasic -f ci_schema_install.ebs -- EentryPoint <DocbaseName> <installation owner account> <password> \line \line 
15. The display_config_setup.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/install/tools, adds the default display configuration objects for webtop and Desktop Client. \line \line dmbasic -f display_config_setup.ebs -eEntryPoint -- <DocbaseName> <inst
allation owner account> <password> \line \line The display_config_setup.ebs could take a long time to run \line \line 
16. The offline_config_setup.ebs scrpt, located in $DM_HOME/install/tools, migrates the offline configuratation settings from the offline_config object to the Docbase Confing. \line \line 
dmbasic -f offline_config_setup.ebs -eEntryPoint -- <DocbaseName> <installation owner account> <password> \line \line 17. The desktop_client.ebs script located in $DM_HOME\\install\\desktop_client, add smart list and menusystemtemplate to the docbase 
\line $DM_HOME\\install\\desktop_client > dmbasic -e Entrypoint -fdesktop_client.ebs -- <docbase name> <installation owner> <password> $DM_HOME \line \line 
18. Lastly the dd_populate.ebs script, located in $DM_HOME/bin, populates the Data Dictionary with attribute and t
ype information from data files. Edit the $DOCUMENTUM/dba/config/<docbase name>/data_dictionary.ini file to add or remove data dictionary language support for various locales. \line \line 
dmbasic -f dd_populate.ebs -eEntry_Point -- <docbase name> <username> <password> $DOCUMENTUM/dba/config/<docbasename>/data_dictionary.ini
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid6310722 
\par }}